Knowing that Jehovah is personally involved in preserving and making known his word,
we can be confident that the Bible is the only true means of drawing close to him.
As a child, David Sibri from England had not read the Bible.
Instead, he had been taught traditions of men.
What helped him see the truth?
I was born in 1930.
We lived in Little Hampton, which was a seaside town,
a very pleasant little place, quiet place.
I would like to walk in the countryside, and they should intrigue me.
My interest was in what I saw rather than what I read.
When 1939, War broke out, and our road became the second line of defense.
And of course, you get the aircraft.
Well, there was a young boy, young them myself,
and one Sunday morning, an air raid took place,
and the house where he was living was destroyed, and he was killed.
But I remember saying to my mother, why did he have to die?
And her answer was, well, he's in a better place.
He's with God in heaven.
We didn't quite add up to me.
I couldn't understand how God could be responsible for his death,
which meant he was responsible for war.
So it was a whole thing was depressing, perhaps, but it that way.
As far as religion was concerned, I accepted it was there,
but I couldn't understand how he fitted him or what was going on.
There was a gap somewhere, and I couldn't plug it.
Every time you went to church, you had a hymn book, and a prayer book.
But a Bible was something you had personally, and the only time I ever opened it,
was when I began to study with Jehovah's Witnesses.
I was 17, 18 years of age when I started.
A brother named Joe Gladwin called upon me.
I knew nothing about the Bible.
The fact that he said it very enough, he said it in the Bible, okay.
But what do other people say?
I decided to look for myself.
I realized that what Joe was telling me was right.
But he showed me that the Bible was true.
I began to see that the Bible told me things that I'd never known.
Over the years, I've been privileged to collect so many different translations of the Bible.
Reading through the different translations, it's clear that God's Word never changes.
I got baptized at the age of 20 and 1950.
Over the years, I served first of all as a pioneer.
From then, I came to Bethel, moving from Bethel to the circuit and district work,
and then finally, coming back to Bethel for the writing desk.
The assignments I've had have strengthened my conviction,
not only that Jehovah is giving direction,
and His Spirit can enable us to do whatever He wants us to do,
but the organization has grown and with the development of the governing bodies direction,
is an organization which is second to none,
and therefore staying with it is the logical thing to do.
In my life, I looked in many places for answers to life's questions,
but only the Bible has provided answers.
I am so thankful that Jehovah continues to teach us.